c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\obj\Debug\AgentWatch.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\obj\Debug\TinyResGen.cache
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\bin\Debug\le\Agent Watch.exe
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\bin\Debug\be\Agent Watch.exe
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\bin\Debug\le\Agent Watch.pdb
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\bin\Debug\be\Agent Watch.pdb
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\bin\Debug\Agent Watch.exe
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\bin\Debug\Agent Watch.pdb
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\bin\Debug\le\Agent Watch.pe
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\bin\Debug\le\Agent Watch.pdbx
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\bin\Debug\be\Agent Watch.pe
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\bin\Debug\be\Agent Watch.pdbx
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\obj\Debug\AgentWatch.Resources.resources
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\obj\Debug\AgentWatch.Resources.tinyresources
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\obj\Debug\be\Agent Watch.pe
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\obj\Debug\be\Agent Watch.pdbx
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\obj\Debug\le\Agent Watch.pe
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\obj\Debug\le\Agent Watch.pdbx
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\obj\Debug\Agent Watch.exe
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\obj\Debug\Agent Watch.pdb
