c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\bin\Debug\le\Calculator.exe
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\bin\Debug\be\Calculator.exe
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\bin\Debug\le\Calculator.pdb
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\bin\Debug\be\Calculator.pdb
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\bin\Debug\Calculator.exe
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\bin\Debug\Calculator.pdb
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\bin\Debug\le\Calculator.pe
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\bin\Debug\le\Calculator.pdbx
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\bin\Debug\be\Calculator.pe
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\bin\Debug\be\Calculator.pdbx
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\obj\Debug\Calculator.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\obj\Debug\Calculator.Resources.resources
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\obj\Debug\Calculator.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\obj\Debug\Calculator.Resources.tinyresources
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\obj\Debug\TinyResGen.cache
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\obj\Debug\be\Calculator.pe
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\obj\Debug\be\Calculator.pdbx
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\obj\Debug\le\Calculator.pe
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\obj\Debug\le\Calculator.pdbx
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\obj\Debug\Calculator.exe
c:\users\ali.sufiyan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Calculator\Calculator\obj\Debug\Calculator.pdb
